---
layout: post
title: "It's a Nice Day to Start Again"
date:   2019-11-10
categories: death scenes
---
Today's prompt: "Write for 10 minutes about what is running through a husband-to-be's head while his wife-to-be is walking down the aisle to where he stands." [I think however you identify on the gender spectrum, we're going to have you as the one waiting for your bride.]

"I'm so nervous," you think.

"I still haven't seen her dress. I wonder what it's going to look like. She's going to be gorgeous, obviously. No worries there. It's just, I'm standing here, about to pledge the rest of my life with this woman I love, and it's funny that there's this built-in part of the ceremony that she has to keep secret from me. Traditions, so weird.

"It's weird that we still go with the veil tradition. I mean, not everybody does, obviously, but she wanted to do it, so, you know, whatever makes her happy. Why did the veil thing get started, though? I feel like there was some Bible story or something about someone wanting to get married to one daughter, but then he lifts up the veil and it's her sister, and then he has to marry both of them or something? And like work an extra however many years for the other daughter? Ugh the Old Testament is so messed up. 

"Man now I've got Billy Idol running through my head. 'It's a nice day for a white wedding. It's a nice day to start again!' And then how does it go in the bridge? 'There is nothing fair in this world. There is nothing safe in this world....'

"Ugh stop being so morbid. This is exciting! This is the first day of life married to the woman you love!

"Oh, that's the music! Here she comes. Wow, that dress, though. Just wow. She looks so great, so beautiful, she's so--

"What's that coming out from under her veil?

"Is that a tentacle?"
