---
layout: post
title: "The Kasino Club"
date:   2020-12-25
categories: death scenes
---
Today's prompt: "Write about the scene at the Kasino Club, the only bar in Stanley, Idaho, on an ordinary Tuesday night. Stanley's population is just under five hundred, and it's best known for being the coldest place in the lower forty-eight."

The woman behind the bar glances up as a man with a coarse, grizzled beard, Carhartt jacket and trucker hat walks in. "Evenin', Marv," she says, and immediately pours a Jack and Coke.

"Howdy, Kat," Marv replies. 

"Whattaya have tonight?"

"I'll do the ribs."

"Good choice."

"I miss that ribeye you guys used to have."

"New owners. They're trying to make it work. Hopefully not everything's too different."

"Still the best damn Jack and Coke for miles around," Marv says, taking a drink.

"The only damn Jack and Coke for miles around."

"And it'd be the best even if it wasn't."

"Damn straight."

Marv sips his drink while Kat puts his order in. He's the first one in tonight, so before long she's back behind the bar to chat. 

"Got big holiday plans, Marv?"

"John and his wife are coming to see me and Sandy, and bringing the grandkids. Short stay, but they're gonna try to get some snowmobiling in."

"Sounds like fun."

"Sandy's gonna do a ham."

"Nice."

Marv sips his drink mischievously, like he's waited for just the right spot in the conversation to drop the juiciest gossip. "So did you hear about the stranger who came into town yesterday to cut a last-minute Christmas tree?"

"No, what's the word?"

"Idiot didn't know what they were doing and it fell on them when it landed."

"Eeesshh," Kat says. "How long were they out there?"

"Too long. They died of exposure."

"Oh no."

"Hank and I found 'em. Talked to the sheriff. He's trying to figure out how to contact their next of kin."

"I feel sorry for them."

"Well what do you expect? What kind of idiot goes out into the freezing woods alone to cut a tree?"

Somewhere, your significant other's phone begins to ring.
