---
layout: post
title: "It's Like This"
date:   2020-09-02
categories: death scenes
---
Today's prompt: "Death is like this...."

We're talking about the state of being dead, right? Not the state of mourning someone else's death? Because the second one is certainly a tragedy, but the first one, well, who's to say whether you even really experience it? I mean, just because I'm a third-person omniscient narrator doesn't mean I know _everything_.

Or does it? Huh. Give me a second, I'm trying to tap into some all-knowingness here.

Death is like a cursor backspacing over the letters of a rant-filled email that you never sent because you thought better of it and decided to go log off and have a sandwich and then write something more constructive.

It's like peeling dried Elmer's glue off of your hand, pulling the fingerprints into a warped residue of what they once were, stretched beyond recognizability.

It's like the bag of brussels sprouts you had in the back of your produce drawer that's basically a sludgy liquid now and when did you get brussels sprouts anyway and you think maybe you'll put it in the compost but that would require opening the bag which is already super whiffy and so you just toss it in the trash and then immediately take the trash out.

You were hoping for something more enlightening? I'm sorry my similes are not up to your standards. Look, when you get right down to it, death is like something that's going to happen to you in two minutes, right after the pack of rabid badgers crashes through your window.
