---
layout: post
title: "Cthulhu Lies Dreaming"
date:   2020-03-07
categories: death scenes
---
Today's prompt: "What does your sleeping, dreaming mind think in the moments before you wake up? What are its last hopes, fears, or promises to itself as the alarm goes off and it feels itself vanishing?"

_Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn._ In his house at R'lyeh dead Cthulhu waits dreaming....

Cthulhu stirs awake and blinks at his alarm clock. 9:47? What? He could have sworn he'd set if for 8:30! Oh outer gods, he's going to be late to his Spanish final.

Cthulhu quickly flies off to class, which would be normal except for the fact that his wings aren't flapping, and his torso is flopping down at a right angle to his legs, which float parallel to the ground.

Cthulhu bursts into his classroom. He's about 20 minutes late to his test. He'll probably get a bad grade, but at least it's not too late to take it. 

Titters ripple through the rows of classmates at their desks. Cthulhu looks down. Oh outer gods, he's completely naked!

Cthulhu covers his groin with his hands and attempts to unobtrusively take his seat. The teacher scowls at him and hands him his test. 

That's when Cthulhu remembers that he hasn't attended a single Spanish lecture all semester. The letters on the test might as well be heiroglyphics from a non-dominant species on a backwater planet in the fourteenth dimension.

And that's when Cthulhu realizes how incredibly hungry he is. As though he's been hibernating for eons, and his stomach has been churning on nothing but acid for centuries. As he fades into waking dream, Cthulhu vows to eat the next human he sees.

Cthulhu stirs awake and blinks at his watery surroundings. He remembers the hunger, and the truth of the hunger. And he remembers the surface above. And he swims up.

It was a bad day for you to go to the beach.
