---
layout: post
title: "Pascal's Wager"
date:   2020-09-18
categories: death scenes
---
Today's prompt: "Write down everything you can remember about your algebra teacher."

Mr. Foley had a propensity for giving his whiteboard markers a hearty sniff whenever he uncapped one. The sniffing was a necessary step, because he would usually forget and put a dead marker back in the three mugfuls of markers on his desk instead of throwing it away. He also never bothered with the erasers. If he made a mistake on the board, he erased it with his hand. By seventh period, his hands were rainbows.

He was also famous for going off on tangents. The students in class would ask questions to try to guide him into non-mathematical territory, in the hope that he'd be so lost in tangents that he wouldn't get through enough of the lecture to assign homework that day. It was on one of those days that he got on a tangent about Blaise Pascal.

Pascal, probably best known for his triangle that represents the coefficients when taking x + y to a given exponent, also made contributions to religious theory, notably "Pascal's Wager." "It's basically like a bet on the existence of God," Mr. Foley said. "Let's say God doesn't exist. If you bet that God existed, you'd have been a goody-two-shoes your whole life so you could go to Heaven, but you're not out a whole lot if he doesn't exist. You're just dead in the ground anyway, same as the folks who bet he didn't exist. But let's say God exists. If you bet he didn't exist, you're screwed, and if you bet he did, you get to go to the good place."

"But what if the Christian God isn't the one you've got to watch out for?" Cory Werner asked. "What if the one who really exists is Baal or Zeus or Cthulhu, and you get in trouble for not believing in them?"

Nice one, Cory, you thought. That should get him going for a while.

"Interesting proposition," Mr. Foley said. "I suppose you would have to undertake comprehensive religious studies, rule out any gods who don't treat their adherents any different than folks who don't believe in them, and do a cross-analysis of how many will also punish you for believing in other gods...." Mr. Foley rabbit-trailed for another 15 minutes. You didn't get homework that day.

You've been thinking about that day more frequently lately. Cory threw out Cthulhu like it was an offhanded remark, but there've been a lot of cults popping up lately dedicated to his worship. And today, you got captured by one that apparently needed a human sacrifice for their dread lord. You're in some kind of dark building with a concrete floor and huge, poorly sealed doors that let light bleed in around the edges. Everything smells musty. Markings are drawn on the floor underneath where you lie tied up, and candles burn in a circle around you on tall candleholders.

The cultists enter the room and stand at the edges of the circle of candles. They're all wearing robes and hoods and gold-colored full-face featureless masks so you can't recognize anyone. One of them holds a long scythe in his right hand and carries a candle in his left. He walks slowly toward you as the other cultists begin chanting.

As he approaches, you notice the man with the scythe has a telltale smudge of blue and purple on his left hand.

"Mr. Foley?"

The scythe comes down.
