---
layout: post
title: "We've Got Spirit"
date:   2021-09-13
categories: death scenes
---
Today's prompt: "Write ten new cheers for a high-school cheerleading squad."

1. Say hey, say ho   
Your corporeal form has got to go  
I hope that you like crabs  
'Cause you're about to be eaten by Janai'ngo!
2. Gimme an E!  
Gimme an L!  
Gimme a D!  
Gimme an R!  
Gimme an I!  
Gimme a T!  
Gimme a C!  
Gimme an H!  
What's that spell?  
3. Boom-shaka-laka-laka!  
Boom-shaka-laka-laka!  
You're off to the Dreamlands  
To be eaten by Gurathnaka!  
4. She'll hit you in the chest!  
She'll hit you in the face!  
It doesn't matter where she hits you  
When Cynothoglys is on the case!  
Her touch, it will not calm you!  
Her touch, it will embalm you!  
You'll take your last gasp  
In the Mortician God's grasp!  
5. You're about to lose  
Before you can make a sound, yeah!  
Ammutseba's tentacles  
Are gonna wrap around ya!  
6. When I was a little kid I loved  
Tyrannosaurus Rex!  
He might have had small forearms  
But that dino sure could flex!  
Back then I also really liked  
The triceratops!  
With his three long horns  
He really pulled out all the stops!  
But watch out for Dythalla!  
That dude is still around!  
And the Lord of the Lizards  
Will put you in the ground!  
7. He's got three tongues and twenty-eight claws!  
K'nar'st is gonna lay down the law!  
You better watch out for your jugular!  
He's gonna be judge, jury, and executioner!  
8. It'll slice you, and dice you,  
Julienne you to perfection!  
Mortllgh's vortex of blades  
Will end you in dissection!  
9. Four, six, eight, ten!  
Look out, here comes Mordiggian!  
You're facing that dark, shape-shifting cloud?  
Might as well walk in a lion's den!  
10. Be blasphemous! Be, be blasphemous!  
Nug and Yeb, they're always so ravenous!
