---
layout: post
title: "Slowly Slowly Slowly"
date:   2021-10-04
categories: death scenes
---
Today's prompt: "Extend a short interaction (e.g., paying for coffee, talking to a phone operator) for as long as possible."

You would have preferred it if the wraiths had just torn your intestines out with their long claws. But no. Instead, they are delicately tugging them out of your open chest cavity and spooling them around large dowels as if they planned to weave a shirt from your innards. 

"How's that, dearie?" one of the wraiths says as she gives a short jerk to your guts. 

"Euuuughhh," you say.

"Still alive then, that's good, that's good. Tell me, does it hurt very much if I do this?" she says, tugging your intestines again.

"Eeeyoowwwwwwwww!" you shriek.

"Got it, got it, got it," the wraith says. "Eunice, do you have another spool?"

"I think I left it out in the car," Eunice, another wraith, calls back.

"We can take a quick break from this while she gets it," the first wraith turns to you.

"Oh, don't wait on my account," you say. "You could just kill me off and finish pulling my guts out afterwards."

"Oh, no no no," Eunice says. "That's now how that works at all. Say Meredith, did you bring any snacks?"

"I did!" the first wraith says. "There should be some cheesy crackers and some veggies and dip in the back seat."

"I'll bring those in when I get the spool," Eunice says. "The sight of all that gore has me feeling a bit peckish."

"I could go for some nosh as well," Meredith says. "We'll just take a slightly longer break from this, okay dearie?" she turns to you.

"Eeeuuurrrrggghhh," you say.

"Very good," Meredith says.
