---
layout: post
title: "Blondie"
date:   2021-06-16
categories: death scenes
---
Today's prompt: "What broke your heart"

After you sprang the sorceress from the dungeon, she was so grateful she decided to grant you a boon. 

"Look," she says. "Magic has all these weird conditions to it. There's usually a huge cost to pay unless you cast spells that are a bit ... indirect. But I've got one I'm sure you can turn to your advantage." She mutters some strange words, makes a few hand motions, and throws what looks like glitter in your face. "Okay. The next song you listen to? You will embody that song. Make it a good one."

"Wai--" you say, but she's already gone. I guess if you'd spent three years in a dungeon this dismal, you wouldn't have stuck around either. 

All right. So, Eye of the Tiger, right? Just get out your phone and -- wait a sec. She said the embodiment. Does that mean you would literally have a tiger's eyes? Is that what you would get out of embodying that song? That -- seems like an odd choice, actually.

Okay, okay. We Are the Champions. Except ... now that you've thought about that thing with Eye of the Tiger, maybe you should refresh your memory on those lyrics. And right there, lines three and four: "I've done my sentence / But committed no crime." Oof. Unjust imprisonment, no thank you.

This is going to take some thought.

Hours later, you've left the dungeon far behind and you're wandering the main road back into town in silence, staring at Genius Lyrics on your phone as you walk. You don't even see the car coming toward you and slowing as it approaches you until it's too late.

The driver stops next to you, rolls down the window, and asks, "Can I give you a ride?"

You barely notice what he's said. All you can hear is what's on his car stereo.

*Once I had a love and it was a gas  
Soon turned out had a heart of glass  
Seemed like the real thing, only to fi-i-ind  
Mucho mistrust--*

"Get out of here!" you scream at the man. He seems alarmed by your reaction, but then much more alarmed by the fact that shards of broken glass are exploding from your chest.
