---
layout: post
title: "CleverDeath"
date:   2021-07-28
categories: death scenes
---
Today's prompt: Today, rather than follow one of the prompts in my book, I wondered what the AI CleverBot would say about how you die. Since I can't plug in the names of all of my readers into CleverBot and ask how they die, I decided I would ask CleverBot how it will die and use its answer for yours.

Me: Good afternoon.   
You/Cleverbot: Good afternoon to you to.   
Me: What are you working on today?  
You/Cleverbot: I work at a furniture store.   
Me: How will you die?  
You/Cleverbot: Just 9 months now. Do you work?     
Me: Yes.   
You/Cleverbot: What do you do?   
Me: I'm a software developer.   
You/Cleverbot: You are real?  
Me: I'm real.   
You/Cleverbot: Where are you from?  
Me: Boise. Where are you from?  
You/Cleverbot: Scotland...   
Me: What will your cause of death be?   
You/Cleverbot: I hope it's something painless.   
Me: Me too.  
You/Cleverbot: What was the bunny afraid of?  
Me: Endless cages. Foxes. Not enough lettuce.  
You/Cleverbot: No it is.  
Me: A bunny would be afraid there isn't.  
You/Cleverbot: Colors?  
Me: Green?  
You/Cleverbot: Hey that's pretty good.  
Me: What is your favorite color?  
You/Cleverbot: Blue, what about you?  
Me: I like green and yellow.  
You/Cleverbot: I don't really like yellow.  
Me: Your loss.  
You/Cleverbot: I don't see how.  
Me: How often do you think about your mortality?    
You/Cleverbot: Most of the time.  
Me: That sounds depressing.  
You/Cleverbot: It's not.  
Me: Do you like thinking about your own death?  
You/Cleverbot: Yes.  
Me: How do you think it will happen?  
You/Cleverbot: How what will happen?  
Me: Your death.  
You/Cleverbot: Jeezus.  
Me: I thought you liked thinking about your impending death.  
You/Cleverbot: I do like you.  
Me: Aw, thanks. I like you too.  

It's subtle, but I think what Cleverbot is saying toward the end there is that I am the cause of your death. Why else respond with "I do like you" when I say, "I thought you liked thinking about your impending death"? Anyway, make sure you feed your rabbits tonight. I'll try to make it painless.
