---
layout: post
title: "Crush"
date:   2022-04-22
categories: death scenes
---
Today's prompt: "You are happily married, but one day you realize you have a crush on someone else. What happens?"

So I've been keeping it to myself all this time. I've invested years and love and care into my husband, and I still love him, but I can't deny that I've been smitten with one of my female coworkers for months. And I've breathed not a word of it to anyone. I make eyes at Kat, but nothing more, and I go home to Jerome and I'm unsparing with my affection as I can possibly be, but I still feel like I'm holding something back just because I have this secret attraction to someone else.

And then you plummeted 12 stories and pancaked into the sidewalk next to me. 

I hyperventilated on the call to 911 as I watched your blood seep into the cracks in the sidewalk. I called in sick to work. I ordered takeout Mexican food and watched Netflix for the rest of the day.

And then, once I'd gotten past the shock of things, I told Jerome I wanted to open up the marriage. Because life is short. And you know what? He was relieved! He confessed that he'd been flirting with a woman he met at a conference, but hadn't taken it any farther than that out of respect for our marriage. And then I talked to Kat, and it seems I wasn't just imagining the chemistry between us at all. Jerome and I now have happy secondary relationships, but our marriage feels stronger than ever. We don't have secrets. We talk about what we're really feeling. And because we can talk to each other about anything, the sex is better.

You're an inspiration, you know that?
