---
layout: post
title: "Can't Say No"
date:   2022-03-11
categories: death scenes
---
Today's prompt: "Go through a day saying yes to every impulse and offer. If you are not physically restrained, write about the experience and where you end up."

"You want whipped cream on that?" the barista asks.

"Absolutely!" you say.

Sipping your foamy drink, you stroll outside, where you are confronted with a baffling array of apocalyptic brochures. 

"Would you like a copy of The Watchtower?" a young woman asks you.

"Hell yeah!" you exclaim. 

You stroll along the sidewalk, reading your Watchtower and sipping your foamy drink, when you bump into a man in dark robes.

"Sorry!" you yelp, dropping the Watchtower into a puddle. The man brushes whipped cream off the front of his robe.

"Think nothing of it, my friend," he says. "But perhaps I can interest you in something?"

"Sure," you nod enthusiastically.

"I belong to a dark and eldritch organization working to resurrect the Great Old Ones and bring about their reign of terror on Earth. Would you be interested in joining us?"

"Damn right I would!" you grin.

The man takes you to the cult headquarters and fits you with a robe. Before you know it, you're standing in a dark, candle-lit room in a circle of other robed figures who've been chanting in a language with a lot of weird glottal stops. And then a man who appears to be a priest steps forward.

"Friends," he says, "A sacrifice is needed in order to bring the Great Old Ones to our plane. A human sacrifice. Before I send you out into the world to find a victim, I thought I would first ask if anyone would like to volunteer for that particular honor?"

"Ooo ooo pick me!" you shout.
