---
layout: post
title: "Peanuts"
date:   2022-03-23
categories: death scenes
---
Today's prompt: "Make up a Peanuts character. Write a scene in which your character interacts with the other Peanuts characters."

One minute, you were texting your best friend with plans for a game night. The next, you find yourself in a two-dimensional snow-covered landscape next to a doghouse and a Christmas tree that seems magically more filled with pine needles than it should. You are round of face, short of stature, bristly of hair, and you are wearing a witch's hat, carrying a broom, and trailed by a black cat.

"... is born this day in the city of David a Savior, which is Christ the Lord. And this shall be a sign unto you..." Linus van Pelt trails off during his memorized rendition of Luke 2:8-14.

"Who's this kid?" Lucy van Pelt rudely shouts.

"I think you showed up in the wrong holiday special," Pigpen quietly suggests to you.

You open your mouth to speak, but no words come out, only "Wa-wah wa-wah wa-wah."

The Peanuts characters stare at you in horror. "They look like a kid," Charlie Brown says. "But they talk like an adult!"

"And they're dressed like a witch in the Christmas special!" Lucy shouts.

"The way they talk must be witchcraft," Sally Brown whispers.

"Charlie Brown," Linus says in his most commanding voice. "What did you get in your bag at Halloween?"

"I got a rock," Charlie Brown says, confused.

Linus begins passing rocks to everyone in the Peanuts gang. They hold onto them with their stubby fingers, surrounding you.

"Exodus 22:18," Linus says. "Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live."
